History GoT Organisation
1998
GoT started out as a technology based online platform where the latest advancements in technology were discussed.
2070
GoT were among the first to witness, Roberts Space Industries ‘Quantum Core Engine Technology’, in action.

2140
With the release of the Zeus commercial space-ship the GoT. Inc. was founded. A small business with the goal to explore the satellites of near planets like Venus and Mars.

2159
Two years after the successful terraforming of Mars GoT Inc. moved their base of operation to the new habitable planet in the solar system. Searching to reach further into the solar system.
2214
With the latest advancements of Robert Space Industries on their ‘Quantum Core Engine Technology’ GoT Inc. successfully updated their current fleet of Zeus spacecraft to the latest specifications.

2219
Years of extreme modding by the organisation on the Zeus left the spaceship capable of reaching the far edge of the solar system. This head start in exploring the fringes of space gave an substantial financial boost to the organisation.
2230
Focussed on growth the organisation set up their first trading route between Earth and Mars.
2262
While investigating the supposed crash site of the Goodman, the GoT. Inc. Zeus-V3.12 was lost in action. The last communications from the ship reported strange fluxes in the E.M. field around Neptune.

2274
After discovery of the first Jump Point, the organisation quickly eloped on researching and exploring the new system which was named after the man who discovered it: Croshaw .

2380
7 months after the successful terraforming of Croshaw System the first trade convoy of GoT Inc. went interstellar by connecting Croshaw to Sol.

In other news: Humankind was united under the banner of the UNE.
2438
First contact was made with the Banu, after which an intergalactic peace and trade treaty was signed.

2442
GoT Inc. commissioned a special trading fleet for trade between the Banu and Humankind. The first run of this fleet was a great success and was welcomed on both sides.

2460
During the mass migration of people from earth GoT Inc. posed as a mass people carrier, hauling billions of souls over the next century.

2523
The United Planets of Earth (UPE) was founded, and Terra was designated as the core world.

2525
Nine years after the first settlers landed on Terra, GoT Inc. moved their headquarters to this new super-earth.

2530
The Xi-An Empire was discovered, GoT Inc. was part of the exploration fleet and designation of world-terraforming. Which lead to the beginning of the cold war.

2541
The Tevarin were discovered in one of the leeward systems. Being a martial expanding society, they wanted what the UPE had and struck first. The First Tevarin War begins.

During the First Tevarin war GoT Inc. suffered heavily. The giant trading fleet between the Banu and Earth, which had grown over the years to a backbone in the Banu-Human trade, was lost. While on their usual route with heavy escorts in the Corel-system the fleet was ambushed by the main Tevarin battlefleet.

The cargo which was lost (a tremendous amount of Black Glass and Gray Oil) almost bankrupted the organisation. Relying only on their core business of exploration and small trade in the core-words of UPE space, the organisation hit hard times.

2546
Commander Ivan Messer hero of the First Tevarin War reformed the UPE to the United Empire of Earth (UEE). With Messer as leader of the new-found UEE the UEE ushered on into an age of unprecedented expansion and colonization.

Due to the change in leadership, corporate losses during the war did not get any financial compensation from the government in place.

During the Messer Era GoT Inc. experienced difficulties coping with the new order. Combined with the loss of several connections in high offices it became increasingly difficult to gain new contracts.

2603
It was not until the Second Tevarin War that GoT Inc. got new small contracts in resupplying of the different battlefields.

2610
After the Second Tevarin War ended in the final battle by Elysium IV, GoT Inc. finally regained some recognition with the UEE, and new contracts were issued.

2681
The year of the first encounters with the Vanduul.

The exploration branch of GoT. Inc. tried to investigate the systems with reports of large Vanduul activity, in search for the Vanduul homeworld. But the vast amount of raiding bands in these system made for a difficult challenge for the exploration teams on this quest.

2682
GoT Inc. Exploration abandons the search for the Vanduul homeworld due to the loss of several experienced squadrons.

2716
GoT Inc. sees possibilities to create covert trade routes into Xi’An territory.

2758
During the Vanduul attack on Bolo a single affiliated ship of the organisation was lost. Aboard this vessel, a Banu Merchantman which had survived the First and Second Tevarin wars, were several GoT Inc. councillors as well as an Xi’An representative.

Trade with the Xi’An ceased after this incident.

2774
Due to the loss of several main characters in the organisation, it became harder to obtain good contracts. In this year GoT Inc. picks up several small contracts for delivering raw materials to Nova Kiev for Anvil Aerospace, a new organisation found on our home-world Terra.

2788
The Imperator falls, indicating the end of the Messer Era.

2790
Erin Toi the new Imperator calls for age of enlightenment and social consciousness. Searching for new bonds with the Xi’An, and enabling trade.

2794
GoT Inc. gets a contract in hauling resources for the construction of the ‘Ark project’

2898
A century of successful commerce and exploration. The organisation is in its prime years and business is good.

2939
GoT Inc. explorers successfully navigated a new jumppoint, finding themselves in a vast space of riches. The system they discovered never really had an official name, but was called El Dorado for it’s vast amounts of expensive minerals.

Before reporting their discovery to the public the organisation sought to gather as much riches in the system for themselfs. However, in the anxiety to gather as much riches as possible, the stability of the system was never researched.

The system itself was stable enough, 4 rocky planets circling a red dwarf. However for some strange reason, just before the last squadron of ships was ready to make the jump, the jump point vanished. Erasing the possibility of a safe return for ships on the other side.

With the vast majority of it’s fleet cut off and presumed lost, the organisation has lost it’s enormous interests it had in the trade and exploration for the UEE.

2944
With the help of private investors GoT Inc. seeks to reclaim the position it once held in the universe. Several hundreds/dozen of rogue pilots, freelancers and citizens offered their assistance in creating a new pulsing platform for trade, exploration and exploitation.